Bxn
===

Bxn is a version of [toro-io/boxen](https://github.com/toro-io) for Team
Mjolnir. Our main goal for this version is to maintain its purpose, utilize
it and properly roll out changes.

BxnWeb
===

> [Bxn for Team Mjolnir](https://bxnmjolnir.herokuapp.com)

Boxen Automated web installation also lives in this very same repository under
[boxen-web branch](https://github.com/TORO-IO/bxn/tree/boxen-web), which is
hooked to heroku app where it fetches updates from. All commits to this branch
automatically gets deployed, contributing guidelines stated below are still
applied to this branch.

Version will

Contributing Guidelines
---

#### Versioning

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

Each release must be accompanied with a Changelog entry, in order: Latest on
top, Oldest at the bottom. It must be in a markdown syntax so linking can be
applied when reading the document from Github. You need to follow the format
below explicitly:

```text
## Unreleased: Release Target [2.0.0]
### Update Type [changed|fixed|updated]
  - list item of changes here [references](#)(if necessary)

## [1.0.0] - YYYY-MM-DD : Release Title
### Update Type [changed|fixed|updated]
  - list item of changes here [references](#)(if necessary)
```

#### [Github Workflow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/)

- This repository complies 100% to Github workflow. No excuses, No Bullshit.

#### Coding Style

- We've setup the `.editorconfig`, if your editor doesn't support it you can
  let your brain to parse it which is extremely hard (you can do it! but the
  output might not be accurate in some cases). This will keep our diffs as
  clean as possible and easier to read.
- We're no Puppet or Ruby pros but the main idea is to write your code as
  readable as possible, we want things done here the right, better way properly
  and well thought of, "getting it done" or "it's working anyway" is not
  enough for us to merge your changes, think back and review then create a PR.
- Basically, give effort to your commits and don't fuck shit up for everyone
  and everything will be alright.

#### Application Requests

This is the super easy part, no need to write `puppet` anymore. So as long as
the apps you are requesting are **SysAd** approved apps, all you need to this
is add `hiera/users/your_personal_stuff.yaml`, provided the apps are available
via Homebrew (native osx apps or homebrew packages) you can easily add them
straight up like so:

```yaml
boxen::personal::homebrew_packages:
  - heroku-toolbelt

boxen::personal::osx_apps:
  - appcleaner
  - deluge
  - github-desktop
  - skype
  - spotify

boxen::personal::projects:
  - tomorrowland
  - darkstar
```

### Bugs and Issues

These are automatically generated by Bxn, however if you find anything in here
that is fucking unreliable, we'll be happy to address it.
